
I already have the ntc_chip_samples which should/could move here,
and maybe I should or still can make a nanopi repo instead of this
allwinner one, but for now collecting some allwinner baremetal examples
here.

sunxi

https://linux-sunxi.org

Not sure if this is a company or group of developers or what, but software
for the Allwinner parts is from sunxi, linux ports, etc.

Allwinner has been making ARM based (linux capable) parts for a while
now several different ARM cores through 32 bit and into 64 bit.

Most/all of the not a raspberry pi, pi boards, banana pi, orange pi,
nano pi, etc plus a number of other boards are allwinner based.  They
are NOT raspberry pi clones they might have a similar ARM core but
in no way do they boot the same or have the same GPU or peripherals or
anything like that, the boards are made to the same form factor to
perhaps confuse people just like there have been mp3 players and other
devices that look like the mainstream product but are a low cost,
incompatible, clone.

I am still scratching the surface on my knowledge, in thory you can
recover from a bad boot image, for the ones with sd cards, well that
is a bit obvious (just program another sd card or reformat/program
this one), for ones that have on chip flash that is where you have to
work harder.

My typical starting place is to hook up the uart, and stop uboot
while booting, use printenv/setenv/saveenv to change the bootcmd
environment variable to something that doesnt load a program like

setenv bootcmd echo hello
saveenv

Then when it boots I just get a u-boot prompt I dont have to hit a key
in a hurry anymore.  u-boot is always custom but often has a srec
download or y-modem or x-modem, any of these will work fine.

Eventually I want to replace u-boot, probably lose dram unless I
choose to copy that over (initialzing dram is a many month project
if you have the right documentation and engineers).  So far the parts
I have tried have some sram on them and that is enough for what I do.
Can always just use u-boot and get dram.

My examples dont generally care about arm-linux-gnueabi vs arm-none-eabi
see the TOOLCHAIN file to see a few of the very many ways to get tools.
